Your size
Have not been caught taking revenge
Don't Wuji
I didn't expect that I looked up to you.
Your master is dead
No matter how much you cry now
Will he survive?
The master waited for me not to enter the mountain during the day
Now he's been killed by that beast in the single car
Why bother to settle disputes?
What you have to do now is not to blame yourself here
It's about power.
Haorizong is just a remote small sect
There are countless sects in the world today
Such as Jiangnan Province
There are two major sects, Canopy Jiansong and Canglan Sect
If you want to increase your strength
With your qualifications, it is acceptable to worship these two Taoist priests
Tianpeng Jianzong's strength is much stronger than Canglan Gate
But the induction ceremony only starts every three years
It just happened last year.
If you want to enter the canopy, you will have to wait a few more years
And Freeland Gate after January
Held a biennial worship ceremony
Okay, then Freeland Gate
The Saintess of Freeland Gate
Your little fiancee is a close friend
You enter the freesia gate
Not afraid of being worn in small shoes
As long as you can increase your strength
Nature is not afraid
Okay, I saved you this time.
We're done
Watch your mouth
You haven't told me how to find you yet
Let's wait for your strength to exceed mine first
I will be the eight guns soon to find you
What a nerd
Zhao Linfeng
gallant minister
I will always come back the day after tomorrow